Clarity on DAG-only Deploys & CI/CD Enforcement (#3387)
astronomer/docs: astro/deployment-details.md

## Enforce CI/CD deploys

> By default, Deployments accept code deploys from any authenticated source. This means that by default, any individual user can deploy code either directly from the Astro CLI or from a CI/CD process that is authenticated with an API token. To help your team protect production environments from manual code deploys that circumvent your organization's CI/CD processes and checks, Astronomer supports a Deployment-level setting called **CI/CD Enforcement**. When you enforce CI/CD deploys for a Deployment, the Deployment accepts code deploys only if the deploys are triggered with a Deployment API token, Workspace API token, or Organization API token. Astronomer recommends enabling this setting for all production environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, any user can deploy code either directly from the Astro CLI or from a CI/CD process that is authenticated with an API token. To help your team protect production environments from manual code deploys that circumvent your organization's CI/CD processes and checks, you can configure a Deployment so that users can't deploy code manually using the Astro CLI. When you enable this setting the Deployment accepts a deploy only if the deploy is authenticated using a Deployment API token, Workspace API token, or Organization API token. Astronomer recommends enabling this setting for all production environments.
```

:::info

> When CI/CD enforcement is enabled for a Deployment, you can't enable [DAG-only deploys](deploy-dags.md) for the Deployment. To use both of these features, Astronomer recommends that you:

Author: ```suggestion
When CI/CD enforcement is enabled for a Deployment, Astronomer protects how users push code to the Deployment and you cannot enable or disable [DAG-only deploys](deploy-dags.md) for the Deployment.

To enable or disable DAG-only deploys when CI/CD enforcement is turned on:
```

1. Turn **CI/CD Enforcement** to **Off**.

> 2. Enable the DAG-only deploy feature. See [Enable DAG-only deploys](deploy-dags.md#enable-dag-only-deploys).

Author: ```suggestion
2. Enable or disable the DAG-only deploy feature. See [Enable or disable DAG-only deploys](deploy-dags.md#enable-or-disable-dag-only-deploys).
```

3. Turn **CI/CD Enforcememt** to **On**.

> You have to only complete these steps once. Once the DAG-only deploy feature is enabled, you can turn CI/CD enforcement on or off at any time.

Author: ```suggestion
You have to only complete these steps once. Once the DAG-only deploy feature is enabled or disabled, you can turn CI/CD enforcement on or off at any time.
```

## Enforce CI/CD deploys

By default, any user can deploy code either directly from the Astro CLI or from a CI/CD process that is authenticated with an API token. To help your team protect production environments from manual code deploys that circumvent your organization's CI/CD processes and checks, you can configure a Deployment so that users can't deploy code manually using the Astro CLI. 

After you enable CI/CD enforcement on a Deployment, the Deployment accepts a deploy only if the deploy is authenticated using a Deployment API token, Workspace API token, or Organization API token. Astronomer recommends enabling this setting for all production environments.

> :::info

Reviewer: I would consider moving this note towards the end of the steps? It's taking up a lot of space for something that I'm not sure affects a lot of users
